README.md, before:

![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)<br />https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC
  
  # Team Profile Generator
  
  ## Description:
  This project utilises node.js and inquirer in order to create an application that takes user input to form a development team (includes manager, engineer and intern positions). The user input is captured and html is dynamically created to build a webpage that shows the team. The html is built with bootstrap and a css stylesheet is also built. 
  
  ## Table of contents:
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Test](#test)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Image](#image)

  ## Installation
  Inquirer is required for the application to run and jest is needed if wanting to run tests. 

  ## Usage
  Feel free to use as needed.

  ## Contribution
  If you believe there is anything that can be improved upon please feel free to contribute.

  ## Test
  Install jest and run "npm test" to run the tests

  ## License
  ISC

  ## Questions
  Github: https://github.com/SamuelHeal
  Email: samuelheal@hotmail.com

  ## Image
  ![screenshot](readmePhoto.png)

Commit message:

readme updated to include video

README.md, after:

![License: ISC](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-ISC-blue.svg)<br />https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC
  
  # Team Profile Generator
  
  ## Description:
  This project utilises node.js and inquirer in order to create an application that takes user input to form a development team (includes manager, engineer and intern positions). The user input is captured and html is dynamically created to build a webpage that shows the team. The html is built with bootstrap and a css stylesheet is also built. 
  
  ## Table of contents:
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Test](#test)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Image](#image)

  ## Installation
  Inquirer is required for the application to run and jest is needed if wanting to run tests. 

  ## Usage
  Feel free to use as needed.

  ## Contribution
  If you believe there is anything that can be improved upon please feel free to contribute.

  ## Test
  Install jest and run "npm test" to run the tests

  ## License
  ISC

  ## Questions
  Github: https://github.com/SamuelHeal
  Email: samuelheal@hotmail.com

  ## Video
  Here is a video showing the functionality of the application.
  Link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pdFIulZY9fKIp67Zak2sPT2psjBm08ZQ/view?usp=sharing

  ## Image
  ![screenshot](readmePhoto.png)
